Adds initial Locksmith Readme (#990)
unlock-protocol/unlock: locksmith/README.md

# Locksmith

> Locksmith provides the ability to store metadata associated with Locks outside of the Ethereum blockchain, with reasonable permission around writes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Locksmith provides the ability to store metadata associated with Locks outside
of the Ethereum blockchain, with reasonable permission around writes.
```

> In the current iteration, reads are publically readable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the current iteration, reads are public and do not require authorization.
```

## Getting Started

> Locksmith currently utilizes [Postgres](https://www.postgresql.org/) as its datastore and will require access to a running Instance. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Locksmith currently utilizes [Postgres](https://www.postgresql.org/) as its data store,
and will require access to a running Instance.
```

You can configure your connection details in a few ways, here are the suggested methods:

> 1. Configure environment variables (Locksmith with recogize these placed in a .env file at the root of the application)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Configure environment variables (Locksmith with recognize these placed in
   an .env file at the root of the application)
```

   * **DB_USERNAME** - Database User
   * **DB_PASSWORD** - Password of User
   * **DB_NAME** - Database Name
   * **DB_HOSTNAME** - Database Host

>    __Note__: The following can be used to quickly get started setting up your __local development__ database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   __Note__: The following can be used to quickly get started setting up your __local development__ database.

```

   ```sql
   psql -c 'create database {DATABASE NAME};' -U postgres
   psql -c "create user {DATASBASE USER NAME} with password '{PASSWORD}';" -U postgres
   ```

> 2. If your configuration needs are more demanding than this, further configuration can be established via the storage configuration file  `config\config.js`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If your configuration needs are more demanding than this, further configuration
   can be established via the storage configuration file  `config\config.js`
```

> Once configured, you will be able to start the application. `npm run dev` or `npm start` will suffice depending on your needs for running Locksmith

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once configured, you will be able to start the application. `npm run dev` or `npm build && npm start`
will suffice depending on your needs for running Locksmith
```

I am not positive my suggested addition of `npm build &&` is a good idea, but we do require building. input from @julien51 on this?

Author: `npm build` would be a NOOP in this case, I feel like we should have a pretty strong case to instruct a user to do this as it has the potential to obscure the way to launch the application

### Persistance Information

> General database administration is out of scope for this document; it is generally advised to provide the database user associated with the application with only the permissions required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
General database administration is out of scope for this document; it is generally
advised to provide the database user associated with the application with only the permissions required.
```

> In development mode, migrations will run upon start up ensuring that your persistance layer is up to date. In production, migrations will need to be performed manually. This can be performed via `npm db:migrate`. Please review the migrations included so that you are aware of the items included.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In development mode, migrations will run upon start up ensuring that your persistence layer is
up to date. In production, migrations will need to be performed manually. This can be performed
via `npm db:migrate`. Please review the migrations included so that you are aware of the items included.
```

### Testing

> Test can be run via `npm test`. Please note that the project includes end to end tests that will require database access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Test can be run via `npm test`. Please note that the project includes end-to-end tests that
will require database access.
```

## The Details

> Locksmith's implementation is comprised of two components: an [Express middleware](https://expressjs.com/en/guide/using-middleware.html) and and [Express](https://expressjs.com/) application. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Locksmith's implementation is comprised of two components: an [Express middleware](https://expressjs.com/en/guide/using-middleware.html)
and an [Express](https://expressjs.com/) application.
```

* The middleware manages the security concerns regarding the validity of a request based upon it's 

> content and associated [JSON Web Token](#jwt-notes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   content and associated [JSON Web Token](#jwt-notes) (or `JWT` as it will be referred to going forward).
```

> *  The hosting application is effectively a standard CRUD application; managing the storage and update of Lock details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  The hosting application is effectively a standard CRUD application; managing the storage
   and update of Lock details.
```

Reviewer: Perhaps define CRUD here or link to definition?

> This layered approach of handling authentication concerns prior to reaching the host application should provide confidence in our solution and aid in testing and development. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This layered approach of handling authentication concerns prior to reaching the host application
should provide confidence in our solution, and aid in testing and development.
```

### Endpoints

- Post **/lock** [Requires JWT] - Store details of Locks, new to the system
- Put **/lock/{lock address}** [Requires JWT] - Update details of Locks
- GET /**lock/{lock address}** - Retrieve details of the requested Lock

### JWT Notes

> An introduction to [JSON Web Tokens](https://jwt.io/introduction/) can be located here and is definitely worth a read. Locksmith assumes that request to modify storage will be accompanied by a JWT that has been signed by the owner of the entity requesting to be updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An introduction to [JSON Web Tokens](https://jwt.io/introduction/), linked here, is definitely worth a read.
Locksmith assumes that requests to modify storage will be accompanied by a JWT that has been signed
by the owner of the entity requesting to be updated.
```

#### Header

> The header of the must include `  "typ": "JWT"`, the `alg` component should also be included -  a specific value isnt required but may be updated in the future to indicate signing with Ethereum's ECDSA or higher order class of signing algorithms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The header of the must include `"typ": "JWT"`, the `alg` component should also be included -  a
specific value isn't required but may be updated in the future to indicate signing with Ethereum's ECDSA
or higher order class of signing algorithms.
```

link to ECDSA description?

#### Payload

The payload is expected to be JSON and include the following claims:

> * Iss - Issuer (Ethereum address of the entity owner)

Reviewer: is `Iss` capitalized? also, maybe use backticks on these 3 to make clear it's a code quote

* iat - Issued At Time
* exp - Expiration Time 

#### Signature

> The Signature is expected to be `header.payload` signed with the owner's private key. This is a fairly standard approach to generating an Asymmetriclly signed JWT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Signature is expected to be `header.payload` signed with the owner's private key. This is a fairly
standard approach to generating an Asymmetrically signed JWT
```
